Along the journey of our life half way
     I found myself again in a dark wood
     wherein the straight road no longer lay
           
At the midpoint in the journey of our life
     I found myself astray in a dark wood
     For the straight path had vanished.

HALF over the wayfaring of our life,
     Since missed the right way, through a night-dark wood
     Struggling, I found myself.
           
Half way along the road we have to go,
     I found myself obscured in a great forest,
     Bewildered, and I knew I had lost the way.
           
Halfway along the journey of our life
     I woke in wonder in a sunless wood
     For I had wandered from the narrow way
           
HALFWAY on our life’s journey, in a wood,
     From the right path I found myself astray.
           
Halfway through our trek in life
     I found myself in this dark wood,
     miles away from the right road.
           
Half-way upon the journey of our life,
     I found myself within a gloomy wood,
     By reason that the path direct was lost.
         
HALF-WAY upon the journey of our life
     I roused to find myself within a forest
     In darkness, for the straight way had been lost.
           
In middle of the journey of our days
      I found that I was in a darksome wood
      the right road lost and vanished in the maze
           
In midway of the journey of our life
      I found myself within a darkling wood,
      Because the rightful pathway had been lost.
           
In our life’s journey at its midway stage
      I found myself within a wood obscure
      Where the right path which guided me was lost
           
In the middle of the journey
      of our life
      I came to myself
      In a dark forest
      The straightforward way
      Misplaced.
           
In the middle of the journey of our life I came to
      myself in a dark wood, for the straight road was lost
           
In the middle of the journey of our life I came to myself
      within a dark wood where the straight road was lost.
           
In the middle of the journey of our life
      I found myself astray in a dark wood
      where the straight road had been lost sight of.
           
IN the middle of the journey of our life, I found myself in a
      dark wood; for the straight way was lost.

In the mid-journey of our mortal life,
      I wandered far into a darksome wood,
      Where the true road no longer might be seen.
           
In the midtime of life I found myself
      Within a dusky wood; my way was lost.
           
In the midway of this our mortal life,
       I found me in a gloomy wood, astray,
       Gone from the path direct:
           
Just halfway through this journey of our life
       I reawoke to find myself inside
       a dark wood, way off-course, the right road lost
           
Midway along the highroad of our days,
       I found myself within a shadowy wood,
       Where the straight path was lost in tangled ways.
           
Midway along the journey of our life
       I woke to find myself in some dark woods,
       for I had wandered off from the straight path.
           
Midway along the span of our life’s road
       I woke to a dark wood unfathomable
       Where not a vestige of the right way shewed.
           
Midway in our life’s journey I went astray
       from the straight road & woke to find myself
       alone in a dark wood
           
Midway in the journey of our life I found myself in a
       dark wood, for the straight road was lost.
           
MIDWAY life’s journey I was made aware
       That I had strayed into a dark forest,
       And the right path appeared not anywhere.
           
Midway on our life’s journey, I found myself
       In dark woods, the right road lost.
           
Midway on the journey of our life I found myself within
       a darksome wood, for the right way was lost.
           
Midway the path of life that men pursue
       I found me in a darkling wood astray,
       For the direct way had been lost to view
           
Midway this way of life we’re bound upon,
       I woke to find myself in a dark wood,
       Where the right road was wholly lost and gone
           
MIDWAY upon the course of this our life
       I found myself within a gloom-dark wood,
       For I had wandered from the path direct.
           
MIDWAY upon the journey of my days
       I found myself within a wood so drear,
       That the direct path nowhere met my gaze.
           
MIDWAY upon the journey of our life,
       I found me in a forest dark and deep,
       For I the path direct had failed to keep.
           
Midway upon the journey of our life,
       I found myself within a forest dark,
       For the right road was lost.
           
MIDWAY upon the journey of our life
       I found myself within a forest dark,
       For the straightforward pathway had been lost.
           
Midway upon the journey of our life
       I found that I had strayed into a wood
       So dark the right road was completely lost.
           
MIDWAY upon the journey of our life
       I woke to find me astray in a dark wood,
       Confused by ways with the straight way at strife
           
Midway upon the pathway of life
       I found myself within a darksome wood
       wherein the proper road was lost to view.
           
MIDWAY upon the road of our life I found myself within
       a dark wood, for the right way had been missed.
           
On traveling one half of our life’s way,
       I found myself in darkened forests when
       I lost the straight and narrow path to stray.
           
Upon the journey of my life midway,
       I found myself within a darkling wood,
       Where from the straight path I had gone astray
           
UPON the journey of our life half way,
       I found myself within a gloomy wood,
       For I had missed the oath and gone astray.
           
Upon the journey of our life midway
       I came unto myself in a dark wood,
       For from the straight path I had gone astray.
           
Upon the journey of our life midway,
       I found myself within a darksome wood,
       As from the right path I had gone astray.
           
When half-way through the journey of our life
       I found that I was in a gloomy wood,
       because the path which led aright was lost.
           
When I had journeyed half of our life’s way,
       I found myself within a shadowed forest,
       for I had lost the path that does not stray.
           
